ambient temperature
case temperature
junction temperature
load ratio
operating conditions
commercial component
concurrent engineering
parts engineer
qualified parts
critical process
critical material
special process
failure scenario
space element
space segment
fail safe
hazard control
hazardous command
hazard reduction
hazard scenario
operator error
safety audit
safety risk
system safety
crimping tool
code coverage
competent assessor
configurable code
critical software
deactivated code
decision coverage
existing software
integration testing
logical model
margin philosophy
mission products
real time
singular input
software component
software item
software observability
software problem
software unit
statement coverage
stress test
test case
test design
test procedure
test script
unit test
unreachable code
walk through
approval authority
co planarity
electrical clearance
selective plating
ambient level
antenna factor
field strength
ground plane
improper response
inadvertent response
not operating
spurious emission
test antenna
procurement lot
shipment lot
photovoltaic assembly
qualification coupon
deformed interconnector
interconnected cell
tearing interconnector
uncoated area
conductive coating
infrared reflector
ultraviolet reflector
accelerated testing
acceptance test
delta qualification
deep space
frequency coordinator
necessary bandwidth
occupied bandwidth
proximate orbits
symbol rate
unwanted emissions
mission statement
requirement traceability
recurring product
system engineering
technical requirement
verification matrix
dry out
effective length
reflux mode
start up
sub cooling
control system
elementary function
off loading
phase margin
positively locked
primary function
threaded fastener
all fire
catastrophic failure
end user
explosive actuator
explosive train
explosive component
explosive function
explosive system
extreme envelope
fail operational
gas generators
limit testing
lot acceptance
no fire
operational envelope
packaged charge
qualification envelope
secondary characteristic
sequential firing
sympathetic firing
transfer line
1553 message
ablated thickness
absorbed dose
acceleration factor
acceptable weld
acceptance level
acceptance margin
acceptance notification
acceptance stage
accommodation coefficient
achieved availability
action level
active redundancy
aerodynamic heating
aggressive environment
aided tracking
air kerma
airborne particle
alert level
allowable load
allowable temperatures
alpha sample
ambient humidity
analytical life
angular increment
angular rate
annular ring
antenna farm
antenna port
antistatic material
apparent mass
applicable document
application process
approving authority
area analysis
array antenna
as designed
as manufactured
aspect angle
aspect ratio
assembled article
assembly house
audit criteria
audit evidence
auroral zone
a weighting
background count
background subtraction
backward contamination
barbecue mode
base laminate
base metal
basic copper
batch lot
beam divergence
beta sample
bias instability
bioburden controlled
bioburden reduction
biological contamination
biological indicators
black box
blind via
block diagram
build up
buried via
burst pressure
business agreement
catastrophic hazard
cell library
change control
character level
charred thickness
chill down
clean area
clean zone
cleaning efficacy
cleanliness level
cleanliness verification
climatic test
coherence function
cold flow
cold redundancy
combined loads
command packet
communication device
communication service
compatibility life
component density
component lead
composite material
composite structure
compound parameter
condensable hydrocarbon
conductive layer
conductive material
configuration baseline
configuration control
configuration document
configuration identification
configuration item
configuration management
configuration status
configuration verification
configured item
confirmation body
conformal coating
consequence tree
contact angle
contaminant environment
contaminant gas
contamination budget
contamination potential
contamination sensitive
continuation test
contributing loads
control character
control code
control function
controlled area
controlled environment
coordinate system
correct attitude
corrective action
corrective maintenance
cost estimating
crew station
crew systems
crimping configuration
critical charge
critical flaw
critical item
critical net
critical operation
critical path
critical pressure
critical speed
critical structure
critical surface
critical track
critical zone
cross support
cross section
cross strapping
cryo pumping
cyclic loading
damage tolerance
damage tolerant
data character
data integrity
data rate
data report
data sheet
data strobe
delta verification
de orbiting
de serialization
design allowable
design authority
design factor
design flow
design iteration
design parameters
destination address
destination identifier
destination list
detail specification
detected defect
detection time
detrimental deformation
development step
device telecommand
dew point
die lot
differential pressure
diffuse reflection
dimensioning case
direct effect
direct flux
displacement damage
dissimilar metals
dissipative material
dose equivalent
dose profile
dose rate
double insulation
drilled hole
dry humidity
dry mass
dwell time
dynamic compliance
dynamic load
dynamic stiffness
economic conditions
effective dose
effective mass
ejected mass
electric thruster
electrical bonding
electrical connection
electrical field
electrostatic breakdown
electrostatic charge
electrostatic discharge
electrostatic shield
encapsulated bioburden
end effect
end item
end tail
energetic material
energetic particle
engineering authority
engineering model
environmental tests
equivalent dose
equivalent fluence
erosive burning
error index
essential function
eutectic alloy
evaluated process
event report
exchange level
execution notification
explosive subsystem
exposed surfaces
exposure time
exterior surfaces
external charging
external field
external interface
external pressure
extrapolated range
failure cause
failure effect
failure mode
failure propagation
failure tolerance
false attitude
false star
fault condition
fault coverage
fault tolerance
fibre failure
field cleaning
filler metal
fine pitch
flight model
flight operations
flight segment
flight spare
fluid hammer
flux activity
forced vibration
formal system
forward contamination
fracture toughness
franchised distributor
free vibration
frequency bandwidth
frozen outputs
function tree
functional analysis
functional description
functional transducer
fundamental resonance
galvanic corrosion
generalized mass
generally clean
glass meniscus
graveyard orbit
ground segment
ground system
half stack
hazard acceptance
hazard analysis
hazard elimination
hazard manifestation
hazard minimization
hazard tree
hazardous event
health status
heat dissipation
heat flux
heat leak
heat lift
heat sink
heat storage
high voltage
hook terminal
host system
hot redundancy
hot structure
housekeeping telemetry
human factors
hump effect
hybrid circuit
hybrid microcircuit
hybrid welding
hydrogen embrittlement
hypergolic propellants
idle data
image download
impact damage
implementation document
impulse bit
indirect effect
indirect flux
induced environment
inertial frame
information system
information/documentation management
infrared spectroscopy
infrared test
initial mass
input port
input range
instantaneous availability
integration time
interface actor
interface end
interface plane
interface responsible
interfacial connection
internal charging
internal field
internal interface
internal pressure
ion engine
ionisable contaminant
ionising dose
ionising radiation
ionizing radiation
isochronous service
isolating material
job card
key personnel
knowledge error
lap joint
launch base
launch campaign
launch complex
launch operations
launch range
launch segment
launch service
launch system
launch vehicle
launcher element
launcher stage
launcher system
lay length
lens antenna
life cycle
life profile
limit temperatures
linear system
link destination
link interface
link receiver
link source
link transmitter
link character
lint free
load spectrum
loaded mass
loading event
logical address
logistic delay
machine oil
machine welding
main body
maintenance book
major nonconformances
manual welding
mated bioburden
mean availability
mean range
measurement date
mechanical damage
mechanical part
mechanical properties
mechanical testing
membrane filter
meteoroid stream
micro organism
microvia layers
micro yield
minor nonconformances
mission critical
mission exploitation
mission information
mission life
mission operations
mission phase
mixture ratio
modal analysis
modal identification
modal parameters
mode shape
mode transition
model philosophy
molecular contaminant
molecular contamination
natural environment
natural frequency
network level
nominal condition
nominal temperatures
non shedding
normal pitch
normal character
object path
obscuration factor
observable symptoms
occupancy states
offgassing product
omnidirectional flux
operational modes
operational validation
operations customer
operations nomenclature
operations supplier
optical head
optical system
orbital debris
orthogonality check
outgassed quantity
outgassing rate
output bandwidth
output port
packet cargo
packet level
parameter validity
parametric release
partial pressure
particle fallout
particle size
particulate contaminant
particulate contamination
parts procurer
passive redundancy
path address
performance error
performance test
physical channel
physical level
pick up
piece part
planetary protection
polarity test
positive control
potting compound
precision cleaning
pre cleaning
preconditions body
pressurized system
preventive action
preventive maintenance
primary discharge
primary structure
process parameter
product assurance
product item
product tree
production lot
production run
projected range
proof load
proof pressure
proof test
propagation time
propellant gauging
propellant mass
propulsion system
protected structure
protection device
protocol identifier
protoflight model
protoflight test
prototype device
prototype test
pyrogen igniter
pyrotechnic device
pyrotechnic igniter
qualification level
qualification margin
qualification model
qualification stage
qualified process
quality assurance
quality control
quality factor
quality representative
radiation belt
ram direction
random load
raw material
re acceptance
reaction time
reciprocity law
re compression
red plague
redundancy master
redundant bus
redundant node
reference corner
reflector antenna
relieving loads
relifing procedures
re orbiting
repair welding
repetitive overload
reply packet
reporting data
repository path
representative sample
re pressurization
residual hazard
residual life
residual mass
residual risk
residual strength
residual stress
resin starvation
resistance soldering
resolved hazard
resonance frequency
resonance search
retrigger interval
return flux
review authority
review item
review prerequisite
review team
re weld
rotating machinery
routing notification
routing switch
safe haven
safe life
safe state
safety policy
safety representative
sampling plan
scatter factor
sealed container
secondary arc
secondary structure
sensitive devices
sensitive item
sensitive surface
sensitivity analysis
service life
service provider
service user
shelf life
shock load
shop traveller
side load
sign test
signal analysis
signal conditioner
signal level
sizing pressure
solar array
solar cell
solar constant
solar flare
solar panel
solder coating
solder icicle
solder pad
soldering pad
soldering time
space debris
space mission
space programme
space system
specific area
spectral grade
spectrum control
sporadic flux
stability margin
star image
star magnitude
star tracking
statistical ensemble
sterilization process
sticking coefficient
stopping power
storage area
storage site
storage zone
stress lines
stress relief
stress corrosion
structural design
structural model
stud termination
sub feature
subservice entity
subservice provider
subservice user
success criteria
sun survivability
support segment
support system
surface accommodation
surface charging
survival mode
susceptibility threshold
synchrotron radiation
synoptic display
synthetic parameter
system authority
system element
tape lift
technical description
technical memorandum
technology samples
telecommand function
telemetry link
temperature cycle
temperature difference
temperature gradient
temperature stability
temperature uniformity
temperature variation
temporal noise
terminal post
termination point
termination/terminal area
test block
test campaign
test equipment
test facility
test fluid
test pad
test pattern
test personnel
test piece
test process
test specimen
test vehicle
thermal component
thermal model
thermal node
thermal shunt
thick coatings
third party
thrust misalignment
timing parameters
total impulse
trackable objects
trained inspector
tranquilization phase
transducer sensitivity
transient load
transition range
transmission medium
triboelectric effect
triple point
trip off
turbo pump
turret terminal
ullage volume
ultimate strength
ultimate temperature
ultrasonic bath
uncontrolled humidity
user application
validated design
validated process
validity flag
verification level
verification report
viable particle
visibly clean
visual inspection
vital function
vital telecommand
volatile hydrocarbon
wafer lot
wake direction
watchdog body
watchdog step
water hammer
wave soldering
welding inspector
welding operator
welding supervisor
witness sample
work package
yield strength
communication frame
conducted emission
design load
electromagnetic compatibility
electromagnetic interference
exclusion angle
flight dynamics
heat pipe
limit load
model factor
pressure component
pressure vessel
pressurized hardware
pressurized structure
project factor
radiated emission
sensitive volume
undervoltage protection
